feat: add a genesis configuration toml file (#1000)
0xMiden/miden-node: docs/src/operator/usage.md

## Bootstrapping

> The first step in starting a new Miden network is to initialize the genesis block data. This is a one-off operation. It can either be done through the default of generating a single account and genesis with default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step in starting a new Miden network is to initialize the genesis block data. This is a one-off operation using the `bootstrap` command and by default the genesis block contains a single faucet account.
```

  --accounts-directory .
```

> Alternatively, provide an explicit toml-formatted configuration which allows you to define
> multiple assets and faucets easily at chain startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the account and asset data in the genesis block by passing in toml file. This is particularly useful for setting up test scenarios without requiring multiple rounds of transactions to achieve this state.
```

```sh
miden-node bundled bootstrap \
  --data-directory data \
  --accounts-directory . \
  --genesis-config-file genesis.toml
```

> The genesis configuration file should contain at least one faucet, and optionally, wallet definitions with assets, for example:

Reviewer: @PhilippGackstatter what happens if we insert assets into the genesis block which have no associated faucet account? Would that break, and/or not be possible?

@drahnr they could technically also create an empty genesis block - they technically don't need an official faucet. Or they could just define a bunch of normal accounts, though whether they can define assets without an associated faucet account is not clear to me yet ^^.

Author: The current API does not allow to have an asset without an associated faucet identifier, at least from the API we have today.
While I think that's technically correct, I don't think it's practically useful. So I'd rather not document that.

```toml
timestamp = 1717344256
version   = 1

[[faucet]]
decimals     = 12
max_supply   = 10000
storage_mode = "public"
symbol       = "FUZZY"

[[wallet]]
assets       = [{ amount = 999, symbol = "FUZZY" }]
storage_mode = "private"

> can_be_updated = false # default value

Reviewer: Does this control the mutability of the accounts code?

@igamigo what do you call this in the client? So we can maybe align on terminology.

Author: I've seen mutable, but in practice that's updatable, or do we literally mutate the bytecode?

  --accounts-directory .
```

> You can also configure the account and asset data in the genesis block by passing in toml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the account and asset data in the genesis block by passing in a toml configuration file.
```

This is particularly useful for setting up test scenarios without requiring multiple rounds of
transactions to achieve this state.

```sh
miden-node bundled bootstrap \
  --data-directory data \
  --accounts-directory . \
  --genesis-config-file genesis.toml
```

The genesis configuration file should contain at least one faucet, and optionally, wallet definitions
with assets, for example:

```toml
timestamp = 1717344256

> version   = 1

Author: I added them and explained them according to my understanding of the code.

[[faucet]]
decimals     = 12
max_supply   = 10000
storage_mode = "public"

> symbol       = "FUZZY"

Author: For practicality and parsing simplicity, I'd say base units. I'll add a comment accordingly.

  --accounts-directory .
```

You can also configure the account and asset data in the genesis block by passing in a toml configuration file.
This is particularly useful for setting up test scenarios without requiring multiple rounds of
transactions to achieve the desired state. Any account secrets will be written to disk inside the
the provided `--accounts-directory` path in the process.

```sh
miden-node bundled bootstrap \
  --data-directory data \
  --accounts-directory . \
  --genesis-config-file genesis.toml
```

The genesis configuration file should contain at least one faucet, and optionally, wallet definitions
with assets, for example:

```toml

> # The timestamp associated to the genesis block. It will influence the hash of the genesis block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The UNIX timestamp of the genesis block. It will influence the hash of the genesis block.
```

timestamp = 1717344256
# Defines the format of the block protocol to use for the genesis block.
version   = 1

[[fungible_faucet]]
# The token symbol to use for the token
symbol       = "FUZZY"
# Number of decimals your token will have, it effectively defines the fixed point accuracy.
decimals     = 6
# Total supply, in _base units_
#

> # Use i.e. a max supply of `1e15` _base untis_ and decimals set to `6`, will yield you a total supply of

Reviewer: `e.g.` is `for example` `i.e.` is `that is`

```suggestion
# e.g. a max supply of `1e15` _base units_ and decimals set to `6`, will yield you a total supply of
```

  --accounts-directory .
```

You can also configure the account and asset data in the genesis block by passing in a toml configuration file.
This is particularly useful for setting up test scenarios without requiring multiple rounds of
transactions to achieve the desired state. Any account secrets will be written to disk inside the
the provided `--accounts-directory` path in the process.

```sh
miden-node bundled bootstrap \
  --data-directory data \
  --accounts-directory . \
  --genesis-config-file genesis.toml
```

The genesis configuration file should contain at least one faucet, and optionally, wallet definitions
with assets, for example:

```toml
# The timestamp associated to the genesis block.
# It will influence the hash of the genesis block.
timestamp = 1717344256
# Defines the format of the block protocol to use
# for the genesis block.

> version   = 1

Reviewer 2: nit: why do we wrap comments so early? Should we do at least 60 or maybe even 80 chars per line?
